we're adam and joanne from
inspiredtaste.net and
today we're showing you how to make
extra smooth hummus
it's really easy you're gonna start with
tahini which is a creamy sesame paste
just give it a stir and measure out
about a quarter of a cup then add it to
a food processor or blender next you'll
need some lemon juice we like to use
about a quarter of a cup but you could
use a little less or a little more
depending on your taste add the lemon
juice to the teeny but use a strainer to
make sure no seeds get through now
process for about one minute the tahini
and lemon juice creamed together and
become thick whipped and creamy that's
the secret to creamy hummus all right
now for some flavor we like to use about
half a clove of garlic but we peel and
mince it really fine first that way we
help out the processor and no one is
ever gonna bite into a big piece of
garlic next two tablespoons of olive oil
about half of a teaspoon of ground cumin
and some salt start with half a teaspoon
and then taste later and add as you need
it just scrape the bottom of the bowl
and process again after about a minute
open up the lid scrape again and
continue to process this all helps to
make extra smooth premium
now for the chickpeas we use one can but
we drain and rinse it first add about
half of the chickpeas to the food
processor and process for another minute
scrape
then add the remaining cookies now
process for ones two minutes until extra
smooth go ahead and scrape the bowl
again and now to make things really
really smooth and just like the hummus
you buy at the store we like to add two
to three tablespoons of water this just
thins it out a little bit you can add as
much or as little as you want as you add
the water you can literally see it gets
smoother and smoother
[Music]
so good okay you're done give it a test
add it to a plate and then top with
olive oil or paprika and enjoy